
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.800198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4800197583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4800197583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1487265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3214513                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            14451534285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1808720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   332.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   494007439                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1067727159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         734720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       45962496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         138432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data        2988864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst          18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         115328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         337216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu4.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu4.inst         112576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu4.data         675456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu5.inst          55488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu5.data         613184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.inst         169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu6.data         570112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu7.inst          34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu7.data         204480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        11200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           52797120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       734720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       138432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        18816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu4.inst       112576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu5.inst        55488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu6.inst       169984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu7.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1315456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     50097408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        50097408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           11480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          718164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            2163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data           46701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst             294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            1802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            5269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu4.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu4.inst            1759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu4.data           10554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu5.inst             867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu5.data            9581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.inst            2656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu6.data            8908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu7.inst             543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu7.data            3195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              824955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        782772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             782772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            153060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           9575126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst             28839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            622654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst              3920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data             24026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst             10560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data             70250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu4.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu4.inst             23452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu4.data            140714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu5.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu5.inst             11560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu5.data            127741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.inst             35412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu6.data            118768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu7.dtb.walker           53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu7.inst              7240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu7.data             42598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10998947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       153060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        28839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        10560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu4.inst        23452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu5.inst        11560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu6.inst        35412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu7.inst         7240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           274042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10436530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10436530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10436530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           153060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          9575126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst            28839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           622654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst             3920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data            24026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst            10560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data            70250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu4.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu4.inst            23452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu4.data           140714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu5.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu5.inst            11560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu5.data           127741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.inst            35412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu6.data           118768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu7.dtb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu7.inst             7240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu7.data            42598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         2333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             21435478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1843275872160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1843275872160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4800197583000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1843275872160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1843275872160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4800197583000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.apicbridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   75875756                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                   36482879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          324                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           81                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                  570322103                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions               4501                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2251                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1890664781.471790                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1979968723.976896                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2251    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        75500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3997079500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2251                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   544311159907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4255886423093                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      9601018164                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  443661369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    962735325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            869507853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2211                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    3431269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    105555712                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   869507853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         2211                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1502859211                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         710129517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1657                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           591729888                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          321853490                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    112454449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   75949900                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  36504549                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8512325200.268318                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1088692963.731682                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.113393                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.886607                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        145596679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             22591500      2.35%      2.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                827280172     85.93%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  269582      0.03%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   140410      0.01%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1464      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                75947265      7.89%     96.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               36504405      3.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                384      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite               144      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 962735342                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1048527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          986.042596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          109408919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1049358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           104.262720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            12000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   986.042596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.962932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.811523                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        225864266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       225864266                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     75319310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       75319310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     35784316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35784316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        28168                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        28168                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    111103626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       111103626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    111131794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      111131794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       389528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       389528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       694763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       694763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       135851                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       135851                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1084291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1084291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1220142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1220142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     75708838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75708838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     36479079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     36479079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       164019                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       164019                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    112187917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    112187917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    112351936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    112351936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828264                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.828264                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       895226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           895226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    11.715746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.353041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle        12000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    11.715746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.732234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.732234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         3644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         3644                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.424484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.424484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.424484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.424484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.424484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.424484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1010855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.723064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          569307080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1011367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           562.908499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   510.723064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1141655512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1141655512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    569310698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      569310698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    569310698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       569310698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    569310698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      569310698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      1011372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1011372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      1011372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1011372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      1011372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1011372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    570322070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    570322070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    570322070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    570322070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    570322070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    570322070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1010855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1010855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.000858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.508728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     5.000858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.312554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.312554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         2221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         2221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.533714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.533714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.532497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.532497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.532497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.532497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    4446467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    3022435                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          252                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   20374039                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               4632                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1917841965.634283                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1972556783.892978                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2316    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        71000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920362500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   358475590591                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4441721992409                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      9600651974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15515076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     31902461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             31289979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     869837                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2179667                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    31289979                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           62728120                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          25245192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1561                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                749                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            16025835                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            9359756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7467025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4444359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3022666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9564144853.286427                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              36507120.713574                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3430205                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               255318      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 24052867     75.39%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   43968      0.14%     76.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    84974      0.27%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    642      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4441850     13.92%     90.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3022634      9.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                195      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  31902496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           207190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          914.699864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6536642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           208184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.398388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     350142967500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   914.699864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.893262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15199699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15199699                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4244013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4244013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      2876337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2876337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data         1981                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1981                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      7120350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         7120350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      7122331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        7122331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       184814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       142617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        12195                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12195                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       327431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        327431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       339626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       339626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4428827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4428827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3018954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3018954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        14176                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        14176                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      7447781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7447781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      7461957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7461957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.041730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047241                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047241                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.860257                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860257                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       144023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           144023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     9.235360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.215164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 350143076500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     9.235360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.577210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.577210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         2836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         2836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker          534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         1151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.463944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.463944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.463944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.463944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.463944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.463944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           438988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          473.165325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           19934599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           439500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.357449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     350142957000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   473.165325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.924151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         41187707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        41187707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19934602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19934602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19934602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19934602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19934602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19934602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       439501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       439501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       439501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        439501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       439501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       439501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     20374103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20374103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     20374103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     20374103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     20374103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     20374103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.021572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       438988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           438988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.578878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.600877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 350143074500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     5.578878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.348680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.348680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         2185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         2185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker          519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.623049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.623049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.623049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.623049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.623049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.623049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    1444864                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                     749132                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                          111                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           17                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                    6577472                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions               2527                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1264                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3514860036.487342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1284951785.988981                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1264    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        71000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920369500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1264                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   357414496880                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4442783086120                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                      9598747240                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4954083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     10574033                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10282120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   201                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     233297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       810938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10282120                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          201                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           20087892                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8581969                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                131                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6224507                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3329488                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2193384                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1443891                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    749493                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              9586580285.079395                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12166954.920605                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001268                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998732                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1211309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               163090      1.54%      1.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8144765     77.03%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   17759      0.17%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    56175      0.53%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    112      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1442593     13.64%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 749461      7.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                 36      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  10574039                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            29006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          772.866882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1858099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            29753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            62.450812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     361250431000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   772.866882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.754753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.754753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.729492                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4431841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4431841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      1397273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1397273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data       738486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        738486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data          167                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          167                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      2135759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         2135759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      2135926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        2135926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data        45920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        45920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         9327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9327                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data          165                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          165                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        55247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         55247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        55412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        55412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1443193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1443193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data       747813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       747813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data          332                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          332                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      2191006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2191006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      2191338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2191338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.012472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.496988                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.496988                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.025287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            10577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.900712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.402299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 361250540000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     8.900712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.556294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.556294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         1110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         1110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker          264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker          194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.423581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.423581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.423581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.423581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.423581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.423581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            38112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          469.688769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            6538957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           169.297768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     361250420500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   469.688769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.917361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13193795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        13193795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      6538960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6538960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      6538960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         6538960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      6538960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        6538960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst        38625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst        38625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         38625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst        38625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        38625                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      6577585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6577585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      6577585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      6577585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      6577585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      6577585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            38112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements           68                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.554851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs           66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs           72                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.916667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 361250538000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     5.554851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.347178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.347178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses          454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses          454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           92                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker          181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.508287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.508287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.508287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.508287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    1491492                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                     807917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                          322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           70                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                    6785825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions               2509                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1255                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3531071730.497211                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1265426322.066828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1255    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        71000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920377000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1255                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   368702561226                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4431495021774                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                      9600130724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5112965                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     10879041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10576555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     239609                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       832232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10576555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7926                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           20767218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8791009                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               13279                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6194                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6385291                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3396094                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2298655                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1490480                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    808175                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              9587610251.432766                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12520472.567235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001304                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998696                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1240279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               168474      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8333990     76.61%     78.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   17684      0.16%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    55748      0.51%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5762      0.05%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1488002     13.68%     92.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 808140      7.43%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead               1225      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                35      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  10879076                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            38431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          625.332372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1944302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            38921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.955089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     372362616000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   625.332372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.610676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.610676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.478516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4652593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4652593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data      1438825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1438825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data       792439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        792439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu3.data          273                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          273                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data      2231264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         2231264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data      2231537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        2231537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data        49323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        49323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data        14138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu3.data         1751                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1751                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data        63461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         63461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data        65212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        65212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1488148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1488148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data       806577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       806577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2024                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2024                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data      2294725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2294725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data      2296749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2296749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.017528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.865119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.865119                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.027655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.028393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            17733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.568308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.978324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 372362725000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.dtb.walker     8.568308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.535519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.535519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         3774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         3774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker          756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker          754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker         1510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker         1510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker         1510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.499338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.499338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.499338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.499338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.499338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.499338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            41488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          438.066243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            6743910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            42000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           160.569286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     372362605500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   438.066243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.855598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13613852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        13613852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst      6743923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6743923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst      6743923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         6743923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst      6743923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        6743923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst        42002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        42002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst        42002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         42002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst        42002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        42002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      6785925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6785925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst      6785925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      6785925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst      6785925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      6785925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        41488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            41488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.547516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.399287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 372362723000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.itb.walker     5.547516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.itb.walker     0.346720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.346720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         2716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         2716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.itb.walker          443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu3.itb.walker          443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu3.itb.walker          443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.itb.walker          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu3.itb.walker          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu3.itb.walker          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker         1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.itb.walker     0.579297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.579297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.itb.walker     0.579297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.579297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.itb.walker     0.579297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.579297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                    1801093                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                    1079140                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                          373                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                          236                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                    8842864                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                          362                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions               2583                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1292                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3420049406.122291                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1390166352.826097                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1292    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        71000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920373000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1292                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   381493750290                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4418703832710                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                      9599610537                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                    6717446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     13798001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             13427021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3538                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                     302899                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1057194                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    13427021                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                         3538                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           26471050                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          11070205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                5672                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes               2824                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             7891363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            4429080                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      2881517                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    1801077                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1080440                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              9583730096.415810                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              15880440.584191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.001654                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.998346                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1548927                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass               177645      1.29%      1.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 10659845     77.26%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   21119      0.15%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                    56809      0.41%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                   2466      0.02%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 1799081     13.04%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1080408      7.83%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                706      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  13798127                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            47780                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          614.166191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            2261341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            48413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.709376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     383473340500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data   614.166191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.599772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.599772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.618164                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5824459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5824459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu4.data      1741397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1741397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu4.data      1056637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1056637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu4.data          642                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          642                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::cpu4.data      2798034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total         2798034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::cpu4.data      2798676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total        2798676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu4.data        56163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        56163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu4.data        20822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu4.data         1428                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1428                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::cpu4.data        76985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         76985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::cpu4.data        78413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        78413                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4.data      1797560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1797560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4.data      1077459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1077459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu4.data         2070                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2070                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu4.data      2875019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2875019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu4.data      2877089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2877089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.031244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.019325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.689855                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.689855                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.026777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.027254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            23793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.551364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs         1136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.272116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 383473449500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.dtb.walker     8.551364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.534460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         5773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         5773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker         1307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker         1307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker         1053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.446186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.446186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.446186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.446186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.446186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.446186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            62200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.718908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs            8780159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            62712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           140.007638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     383473330000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst   433.718908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.847107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         17748463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        17748463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu4.inst      8780162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8780162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::cpu4.inst      8780162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total         8780162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::cpu4.inst      8780162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total        8780162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu4.inst        62713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        62713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::cpu4.inst        62713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         62713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::cpu4.inst        62713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        62713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4.inst      8842875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8842875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::cpu4.inst      8842875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total      8842875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::cpu4.inst      8842875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total      8842875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4.inst     0.007092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.inst     0.007092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.inst     0.007092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks        62200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total            62200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.518933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs           92                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.123656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 383473447500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.itb.walker     5.518933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.itb.walker     0.344933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.344933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         3767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         3767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu4.itb.walker          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu4.itb.walker          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu4.itb.walker          508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu4.itb.walker          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu4.itb.walker          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu4.itb.walker          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker         1425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker         1425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4.itb.walker     0.643509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.643509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.itb.walker     0.643509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.643509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.itb.walker     0.643509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.643509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                    1635678                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                     963032                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                          657                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                          270                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                    7705471                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                          589                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.numPwrStateTransitions               2491                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3538067289.961477                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1255129132.115496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1246    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        33000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920373500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   391765739708                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4408431843292                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                      9599754081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                    5808113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     12343756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             11967981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                 12367                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                     267261                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       978900                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    11967981                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                        12367                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           23592198                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           9898587                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads               20163                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes               9913                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             7373107                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            3965923                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      2597783                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    1634677                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                    963106                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              9585553443.922403                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              14200637.077598                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.001479                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.998521                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1423941                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass               225829      1.83%      1.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  9438657     76.46%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   19084      0.15%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                    55262      0.45%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                   8510      0.07%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 1630893     13.21%     92.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                 963074      7.80%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead               2540      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  12343897                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements            49129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          595.353209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            2166735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            49987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.345970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     394585407000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data   595.353209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.581400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.581400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.837891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5261365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5261365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu5.data      1581192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1581192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu5.data       937807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        937807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu5.data          562                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          562                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::cpu5.data      2518999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total         2518999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::cpu5.data      2519561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total        2519561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu5.data        51615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu5.data        23850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu5.data          903                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          903                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::cpu5.data        75465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total         75465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::cpu5.data        76368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total        76368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5.data      1632807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1632807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5.data       961657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       961657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu5.data         1465                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1465                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu5.data      2594464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2594464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu5.data      2595929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2595929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.031611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.024801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.616382                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.616382                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.029087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.029418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total            27024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         1441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.538547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs         1805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         1451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.243970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 394585516000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.dtb.walker     8.538547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.533659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         8863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         8863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker         1964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker         1964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker         3609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker         3609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker         3609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.455805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.455805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.455805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.455805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.455805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.455805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            51732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse          436.220761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs            7653139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            52244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs           146.488381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     394585396500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   436.220761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.851994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15463019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        15463019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu5.inst      7653142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7653142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::cpu5.inst      7653142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total         7653142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::cpu5.inst      7653142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total        7653142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu5.inst        52245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        52245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::cpu5.inst        52245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         52245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::cpu5.inst        52245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        52245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5.inst      7705387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7705387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::cpu5.inst      7705387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total      7705387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::cpu5.inst      7705387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total      7705387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5.inst     0.006780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.inst     0.006780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.inst     0.006780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks        51732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total            51732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements         1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.503003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs         1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.170473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 394585514000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.itb.walker     5.503003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.itb.walker     0.343938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.343938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         6143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         6143                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu5.itb.walker          826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu5.itb.walker          826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu5.itb.walker          826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu5.itb.walker         1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu5.itb.walker         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu5.itb.walker         1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker         2323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker         2323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5.itb.walker     0.644425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.644425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.itb.walker     0.644425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.644425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.itb.walker     0.644425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.644425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           22                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           22                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                    1899057                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                    1056941                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                          204                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                    9225131                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                          154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.numPwrStateTransitions               2547                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1274                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3450629793.390895                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1361400222.214758                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1274    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        61500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920373000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1274                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   404095226220                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4396102356780                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numCycles                      9599758252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                    7034828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     14491395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             14149924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3937                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                     329131                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1109910                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    14149924                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                         3937                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           27795241                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          11734494                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                6450                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes               2992                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads             8316320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            4830314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      2956227                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    1898491                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   1057736                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              9583121607.349455                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              16636644.650546                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.001733                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.998267                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1629855                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass               181490      1.25%      1.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 11273805     77.80%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   21822      0.15%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                    56505      0.39%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                   2820      0.02%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 1896618     13.09%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                1057704      7.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                601      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  14491413                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            44250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          592.674162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs            2427934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            45078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.860730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     405696811500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   592.674162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.578783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.578783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5971730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5971730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu6.data      1839099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1839099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu6.data      1040237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1040237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu6.data          492                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          492                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::cpu6.data      2879336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total         2879336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::cpu6.data      2879828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total        2879828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu6.data        56850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        56850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu6.data        15188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15188                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu6.data         1195                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1195                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::cpu6.data        72038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         72038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::cpu6.data        73233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        73233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6.data      1895949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1895949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6.data      1055425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1055425                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu6.data         1687                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1687                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu6.data      2951374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2951374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu6.data      2953061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2953061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.029985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.014390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.708358                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.708358                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.024408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.024799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total            19546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.316510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.079082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 405696920500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.dtb.walker     8.316510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.519782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.519782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.437500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         2227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         2227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker          470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker          429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker          429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker          429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.477197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.477197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.477197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.477197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.477197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.477197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            58048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          433.133503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs            9166650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            58560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs           156.534324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     405696801000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   433.133503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.845964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses         18508989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses        18508989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu6.inst      9166653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9166653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::cpu6.inst      9166653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total         9166653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::cpu6.inst      9166653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total        9166653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu6.inst        58561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::cpu6.inst        58561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         58561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::cpu6.inst        58561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        58561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6.inst      9225214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9225214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::cpu6.inst      9225214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total      9225214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::cpu6.inst      9225214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total      9225214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6.inst     0.006348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.inst     0.006348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.inst     0.006348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total            58048                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.493616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.448052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 405696918500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.itb.walker     5.493616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.itb.walker     0.343351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.343351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         1559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         1559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu6.itb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu6.itb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu6.itb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu6.itb.walker          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu6.itb.walker          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu6.itb.walker          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6.itb.walker     0.615772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.615772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.itb.walker     0.615772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.615772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.itb.walker     0.615772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.615772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                    1501624                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                     805270                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                          320                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                           79                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                    6904384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                          296                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.numPwrStateTransitions               2475                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1238                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3543592671.691438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1254393182.347101                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1238    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        71000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   9920373000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1238                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   413229855446                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4386967727554                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numCycles                      9600179293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                    5203559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     11003147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             10702685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5131                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                     240884                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts       843466                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    10702685                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                         5131                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           20991942                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes           8905408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                8360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes               4036                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads             6470534                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            3492058                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      2306004                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    1500575                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                    805429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              9587508199.034668                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              12671093.965333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1252614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass               166040      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  8455589     76.85%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   18010      0.16%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                    55246      0.50%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                   3542      0.03%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 1498374     13.62%     92.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                 805397      7.32%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                965      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  11003211                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements            34009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          609.741479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs            1939892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            34727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.861203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     416814625500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   609.741479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.595451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.595451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.701172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4662256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4662256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu7.data      1452062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1452062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu7.data       791472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        791472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu7.data          371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::cpu7.data      2243534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total         2243534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::cpu7.data      2243905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total        2243905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu7.data        46990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        46990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu7.data        12466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu7.data          861                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          861                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::cpu7.data        59456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total         59456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::cpu7.data        60317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total        60317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7.data      1499052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1499052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7.data       803938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       803938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu7.data         1232                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1232                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu7.data      2302990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2302990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu7.data      2304222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2304222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.031346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.015506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.698864                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.698864                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.025817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.026177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total            14505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     7.920458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.950000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 416814734500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.dtb.walker     7.920458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.495029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.495029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         3863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         3863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker          733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker          733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker         1532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker         1532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.521540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.521540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.521540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.521540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.521540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.521540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            40180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          435.852082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            6863724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            40692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           168.675022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     416814615000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   435.852082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.851274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13849533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses        13849533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu7.inst      6863727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6863727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::cpu7.inst      6863727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total         6863727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::cpu7.inst      6863727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total        6863727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu7.inst        40693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        40693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::cpu7.inst        40693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         40693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::cpu7.inst        40693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        40693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7.inst      6904420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6904420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::cpu7.inst      6904420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total      6904420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::cpu7.inst      6904420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total      6904420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7.inst     0.005894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.inst     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.inst     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks        40180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total            40180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements          614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     5.480024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs          293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs          629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     0.465819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 416814732500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.itb.walker     5.480024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.itb.walker     0.342501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.342501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses         3073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses         3073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu7.itb.walker          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu7.itb.walker          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu7.itb.walker          419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu7.itb.walker          745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu7.itb.walker          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu7.itb.walker          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker         1164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7.itb.walker     0.640034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.640034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.itb.walker     0.640034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.640034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.itb.walker     0.640034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.640034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           10                       # number of writebacks
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                86066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               86066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               52740                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              52740                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               356                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              356                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio       116430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        34440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio        33388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       193220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        84392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        84392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave          712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  278324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           50                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3065                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio        58215                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           30                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        17220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio        66552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       151986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2680608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      2680608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2834018                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                42164                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.158370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                     14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                42180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                 0.000332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4752683609001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.158370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.009898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.009898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               379750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              379750                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                 14                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        41648                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41648                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        42182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             42182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        42182                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            42182                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        41648                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41648                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        42196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           42196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        42196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          42196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.974453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.974453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41632                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    793869                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32749.278078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4681574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    826522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.664186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      930.384332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     4.896851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.004882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1947.171100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     19218.026465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.031103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.047994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       473.768946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      8882.847771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.006738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst         7.107387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       183.194522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.001355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         1.807126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       164.289389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.023142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst         6.540640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data       172.961429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.008560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst         2.141690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data       152.148127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.004627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst        16.874521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data       206.316944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.dtb.walker     1.850652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst        35.054272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data       341.767516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.028393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.059423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.586488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.014458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.271083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.005591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.005014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst        0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data        0.005278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst        0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data        0.004643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst        0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data        0.006296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst        0.001070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data        0.010430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996490                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  45063603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 45063603                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1153020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1153020                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1054585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1054585                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            22595                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             6190                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             1932                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             1876                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4.data             2542                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5.data             2203                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6.data             1579                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7.data             1840                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                40757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            103644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data             11350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data              1164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data              2749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4.data              3539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5.data              6648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6.data              2464                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7.data              3338                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                134896                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         999890                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         437338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst          38330                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst          41209                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu4.inst          60953                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu5.inst          51377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu6.inst          55904                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu7.inst          40149                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1725150                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        260944                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data         60913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data         16737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker          574                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.itb.walker          476                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data         21843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker          664                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4.itb.walker          533                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4.data         24125                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker          884                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5.itb.walker          527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5.data         22678                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker          263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6.itb.walker          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6.data         23993                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker          439                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7.itb.walker          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7.data         18846                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            456047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker            352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               999890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               364588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker            300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker            169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               437338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                72263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker            116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker             43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                38330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                17901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker            574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.itb.walker            476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                41209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                24592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker            664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu4.itb.walker            533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu4.inst                60953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu4.data                27664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker            884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu5.itb.walker            527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu5.inst                51377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu5.data                29326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker            263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu6.itb.walker            163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu6.inst                55904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu6.data                26457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker            439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu7.itb.walker            292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu7.inst                40149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu7.data                22184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2316093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker           352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker           173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              999890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              364588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker           300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker           169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              437338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data               72263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker           116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker            43                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst               38330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data               17901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.dtb.walker           574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.itb.walker           476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst               41209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data               24592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu4.dtb.walker           664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu4.itb.walker           533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu4.inst               60953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu4.data               27664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu5.dtb.walker           884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu5.itb.walker           527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu5.inst               51377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu5.data               29326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu6.dtb.walker           263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu6.itb.walker           163                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu6.inst               55904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu6.data               26457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu7.dtb.walker           439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu7.itb.walker           292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu7.inst               40149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu7.data               22184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2316093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            589                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4.data            653                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5.data            623                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6.data           1481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7.data            756                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               4910                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          527197                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           28448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            1056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            4530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4.data            8270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5.data            8511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6.data            4515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7.data            2015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              584542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        11480                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2163                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst          294                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          792                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu4.inst         1759                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu5.inst          867                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu6.inst         2656                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu7.inst          543                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            20554                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190979                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        18278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4.data         2315                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5.data         1098                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6.data         4451                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7.data         1204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          219915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              11480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             718176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               2163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data              46726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               1841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               5283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu4.inst               1759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu4.data              10585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu5.inst                867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu5.data               9609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu6.inst               2656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu6.data               8966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu7.inst                543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu7.data               3219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 825011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             11480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            718176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              2163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data             46726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              1841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              5283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu4.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu4.inst              1759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu4.data             10585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu5.inst               867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu5.data              9609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu6.inst              2656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu6.data              8966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu7.inst               543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu7.data              3219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                825011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1153020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1153020                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1054585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1054585                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         6303                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         2521                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2476                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4.data         3195                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5.data         2826                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6.data         3060                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7.data         2596                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            45667                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        630841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         39798                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          2220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          7279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4.data         11809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5.data         15159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6.data          6979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7.data          5353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            719438                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1011370                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       439501                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        38624                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        42001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu4.inst        62712                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu5.inst        52244                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu6.inst        58560                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu7.inst        40692                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1745704                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       451923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        79191                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          120                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        17522                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker          575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker          476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        22596                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker          668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker          533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4.data        26440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker          888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker          527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5.data        23776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6.data        28444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker          443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7.data        20050                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        675962                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          1011370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1082764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           439501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           118989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst            38624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            19742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker          476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst            42001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data            29875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker          668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker          533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu4.inst            62712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu4.data            38249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker          888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu5.inst            52244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu5.data            38935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu6.inst            58560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu6.data            35423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker          443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu7.inst            40692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu7.data            25403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3141104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker          376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1011370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1082764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker          302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          439501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          118989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst           38624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           19742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.dtb.walker          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.itb.walker          476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst           42001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data           29875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu4.dtb.walker          668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu4.itb.walker          533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu4.inst           62712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu4.data           38249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu5.dtb.walker          888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu5.itb.walker          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu5.inst           52244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu5.data           38935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu6.dtb.walker          264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu6.itb.walker          163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu6.inst           58560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu6.data           35423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu7.dtb.walker          443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu7.itb.walker          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu7.inst           40692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu7.data           25403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3141104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004187                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017928                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.233637                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.242326                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.204382                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.220453                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.483987                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.291217                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.107517                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.714810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.475676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.622338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.700313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.561449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.646941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.376424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.812498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011351                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004921                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.007612                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.018857                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu4.inst     0.028049                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu5.inst     0.016595                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu6.inst     0.045355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu7.inst     0.013344                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.011774                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.063830                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.022599                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.422592                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.023121                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.230809                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.033333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.044801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.001739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.005988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4.data     0.087557                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.004505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5.data     0.046181                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.003788                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6.data     0.156483                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.009029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7.data     0.060050                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.063830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.022599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.011351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.663280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.023121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.004921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.392692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.033333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.007612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.093253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.001739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.018857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.176837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.005988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.inst        0.028049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu4.data        0.276739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.004505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.inst        0.016595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu5.data        0.246796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.003788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.inst        0.045355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu6.data        0.253112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.009029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.inst        0.013344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu7.data        0.126717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.262650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.063830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.022599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.011351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.663280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.006623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.023121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.004921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.392692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.033333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.007612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.093253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.dtb.walker     0.001739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.018857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.176837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.dtb.walker     0.005988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.inst       0.028049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu4.data       0.276739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.dtb.walker     0.004505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.inst       0.016595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu5.data       0.246796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.dtb.walker     0.003788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.inst       0.045355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu6.data       0.253112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.dtb.walker     0.009029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.inst       0.013344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu7.data       0.126717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.262650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               741140                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    741140                       # number of writebacks
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1820409                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       959540                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          570                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               87310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             328313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              25418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             25418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       782772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            45239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           124354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            585393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           584507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        241003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             2403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            2403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total          712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       126528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       126528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       193220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio         6788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio         8934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio         2630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio         2616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio         2962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio         2648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio         3066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio         2592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2565984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2791440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::total         1396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         2060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::total         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::total           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::total           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::total          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::total          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::total           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2922774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         1424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2698624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2698624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       151986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio        13576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu1.interrupts.pio        17868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu2.interrupts.pio         5260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu3.interrupts.pio         5232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu4.interrupts.pio         5924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu5.interrupts.pio         5296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu6.interrupts.pio         6132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.cpu7.interrupts.pio         5184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    100231424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    100447882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave          556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave          308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave          308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave          488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave          308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.interrupts.int_master::total         2792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         4120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.interrupts.int_master::total         4180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.interrupts.int_master::total           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.interrupts.int_master::total          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.interrupts.int_master::total          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.interrupts.int_master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave          276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu1.interrupts.int_slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu4.interrupts.int_slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu7.interrupts.int_slave           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.interrupts.int_master::total          648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu2.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu3.interrupts.int_slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu5.interrupts.int_slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::system.cpu6.interrupts.int_slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.interrupts.int_master::total           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               103156118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1107529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.072842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1101621     99.47%     99.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    5908      0.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1107529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            3                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes        12288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            3                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages          650                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes      2665472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs          654                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6975272                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2799352                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1861477                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          11046                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9460                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1586                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4800197583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              87310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2879834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             25418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            25418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1153020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1741603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          354954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          165076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         165076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           768095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          768095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1745712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1046812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3033599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3673427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1317990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       896548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       125492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       172537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       187626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       213460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       156222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       205857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       175170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       197440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       121566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       158149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              10926423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    129422528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    131714692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     56223296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26886595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4911168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3829745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5343360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4923045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        52096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7994432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6030398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6654528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6184264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        97216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       116864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7462976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5458208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5175872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4378247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              413351946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          800439                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  47432960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4638002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.008776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           2.110218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3221206     69.45%     69.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 641617     13.83%     83.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 214654      4.63%     87.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                  22260      0.48%     88.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                  17338      0.37%     88.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                  39965      0.86%     89.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                 104772      2.26%     91.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                 373561      8.05%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                    638      0.01%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                    412      0.01%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                   417      0.01%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                   207      0.00%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                   225      0.00%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                   239      0.01%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                   194      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                   268      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                    29      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             16                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4638002                       # Request fanout histogram

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
